alerting/definition is here
alertly/definition is here
alerts/definition is here
ales/definition is here
aleuron/definition is here
aleurone/definition is here
aleurons/definition is here
alevin/definition is here
optimal/definition is here
optime/definition is here
optimes/definition is here
optimise/definition is here
optimism/definition is here
optimist/definition is here
slung/definition is here
slunk/definition is here
slur/definition is here
slurb/definition is here
slurban/definition is here
slurbs/definition is here
slurp/definition is here
slurped/definition is here
slurping/definition is here